Generate kconfig plugin and implement the get method (#3249)
ElektraInitiative/libelektra: src/plugins/kconfig/README.md

- infos = Information about the kconfig plugin is in keys below
- infos/author = Dardan Haxhimustafa <mail@dardan.im>
- infos/licence = BSD
- infos/needs =
- infos/provides = storage/kconfig
- infos/recommends =
- infos/placements = getstorage setstorage
- infos/status = recommended maintained compatible specific experimental unfinished nodoc concept
- infos/metadata =
- infos/description = Reads and writes the KConfig ini format

## Introduction

> This plugin can be used to parse a KConfig ini file into a KeySet and save a given KeySet to such a file.

Author: Couldn't find anything online or in code. I might have overlooked something so I'll look for it again

> This plugin can be used to parse a KConfig ini file into a KeySet and save a given KeySet to such a file.

Reviewer: otherwise, a link to the kconfig repository is enough

Information about the syntax:

- Comments start with character `#`
- Keys can contain spaces and special characters except from the main special characters (`[`, `]`, `=`, `#`and `$`)

> - If a key has values, then it will be followed with an `=` symbol and then the value will be read to the end of the line

Author: Mistake in my behalf. It should've been `value`

> - Can contain multiple keys with different locales (`keyName[en]` and `keyName[de]`)

Author: I just save them as is. The reason being, that's how they're saved in the kconfig datastructure too, so no processing would be needed when loading from kdb to kconfigbackend

> - Can contain multiple keys with different locales (`keyName[en]` and `keyName[de]`)

Reviewer: Thank you for answering here but this should also be clear from the docu.

> - Can contain multiple keys with different locales (`keyName[en]` and `keyName[de]`)

Author: I refactored this part a lot, it would be nice if you could have a look at it again :)

> - Cannot contain multiple keys with different metadata (either `keyname[$a]` or `keyname[$b]`).

Author: In locales, we can have multiple keys (in the following example the key: `greeting`) that have the same key name/path but a different locale. E.g. the following example is valid: 
```
greeting[en] = Hello
greeting[de] = Hallo
```
But that doesn't stand for metas, the following example is invalid:
```
key.name[$a] = Something
key.name[$i] = Something else
```

> - Cannot contain multiple keys with different metadata (either `keyname[$a]` or `keyname[$b]`).

Reviewer: Can you add this text to the README.md?

> - If a key `keyname[$metavalue]` is parsed, it will be represented as a Key with name `parent/keyname` and meta `kconfig` as `metavalue`

Author: it is allowed to have multiple meta values for a key (not for groups, for keys only), but not same as in locales. An example would be `key.name[$a][$i] = Key Value`. 
This would be saved in kdb with `... KEY_META, "kconfig", "ai", KEY_END);`
Because the meta keys are only allowed to be one character (as far as I understood, even one byte, not really utf-8 character), I just put the metas `a` and `i` together in a string as `ai`.

This will likely change in the PR for `https://github.com/ElektraInitiative/kconfig/issues/10` though

> - If a key `keyname[$metavalue]` is parsed, it will be represented as a Key with name `parent/keyname` and meta `kconfig` as `metavalue`

Reviewer: If it will change, then do not write so much about it (or only as limitation)

- Group names begin have a `[` symbol at the beginning of a line and every key that follows them is part of this group (until the next
  group is declared)

## Usage

> The following example shows you how you can read and write data using this plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows you how you can read data using this plugin.
```

```sh
# Mount the plugin to the cascading namespace `/tests/kconfig`
sudo kdb mount configrc /tests/kconfig kconfig

# Manually add a key-value pair to the database
printf 'key=Value' > `kdb file /tests/kconfig`

# Retrieve the new value
kdb get /tests/kconfig/key
#> Value

> 

Author: I didn't add examples of locales since locales are part of the keyname and dont have any extra features

- infos = Information about the kconfig plugin is in keys below
- infos/author = Dardan Haxhimustafa <mail@dardan.im>
- infos/licence = BSD
- infos/needs =
- infos/provides = storage/kconfig
- infos/recommends =
- infos/placements = getstorage setstorage
- infos/status = recommended maintained compatible specific experimental unfinished nodoc concept
- infos/metadata =
- infos/description = Reads the KConfig INI format

## Introduction

This plugin can be used to parse a [KConfig](https://cgit.kde.org/kconfig.git) INI file into a KeySet.

Information about the syntax:

- Files are expected to be encoded in `UTF-8`.
- Empty lines are ignored.
- Lines that start with a `#` character are considered comments. Comments are ignored too.
- Configurations consist of groups and keys. Only keys can have values.
- Key names can't start with a `[` character

> - Keys can contain spaces and any special characters as long except `=`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Keys can contain spaces and any special characters except `=`.
```

- If a key has a value, then it will be followed with an `=` symbol and then the value will be read until the end of the line.
  The white space characters around the `=` symbol are ignored.
- In values, the following escape sequences can be used:

>   - `\n` and `r` are mapped to newline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `\n` and `\r` are mapped to newline
```

  - `\t` is mapped to tab
  - `\\` is mapped to `\`

> - Values can contain any character from the `UTF-8` set except for newline and `\` followed by an invalid excape sequence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Values can contain any character from the `UTF-8` set except for newline and `\` followed by an invalid escape sequence.
```

> - Keys can be localized. The locale is surrounded with `[` and `]` and cannot contain start with `$`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Keys can be localized. The locale is surrounded with `[` and `]` and cannot contain `$`.
```

> - Same key name can be used multiple times if it has different locales. The following example is valid:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Same key names can be used multiple times if it has different locales. The following example is valid:
```

  ```
  greeting[en] = Hello
  greeting[de] = Hallo
  ```

> - Keys can have meta data. Those are one character (1 byte only) long, start with `$` and are surrounded with `[` and `]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Keys can have meta data. These are one byte only long, start with `$` and are surrounded with `[` and `]`.
```

one byte or one character? Are UTF-8 characters allowed?

> - Same key name can't be used multiple times with different metadata as in locales. The following example is invalid:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The same key name can't be used multiple times with different metadata (different to locales). The following example is invalid:
```

  ```
  key.name[$a] = Something
  key.name[$i] = Something else
  ```

> - If a key `keyname[$metavalue]` is parsed, it will be represented as a Key with name `parent/keyname` and meta `kconfig` as `metavalue`

Reviewer: I thought only a single character or byte is allowed?

Author: yes. I just used `metavalue` as a placeholder for a single-byte value, which isn't a smart idea. I'll change it to `a`

Author: Or should I remove this list item at all since I show how it's represented in an example below?

Reviewer: Yes, you can remove it.

```
[group][subgroup]
key.name[en][$i][$e]=Key Value
key.name[de]=Key Wert
```

And how it will be represented in kdb:

```
keyNew (PREFIX "group/subgroup/key.name[en]", KEY_VALUE, "Key Value", KEY_META, "kconfig", "ie", KEY_END)
keyNew (PREFIX "group/subgroup/key.name[de]", KEY_VALUE, "Key Wert", KEY_END)
```

## Usage

The following example shows you how you can read data using this plugin.

```sh
# Mount the plugin to the cascading namespace `/tests/kconfig`
sudo kdb mount configrc /tests/kconfig kconfig

# Manually add a key-value pair to the database
echo 'key=Value' > `kdb file /tests/kconfig`

# Retrieve the new value
kdb get /tests/kconfig/key
#> Value

# Manually add a gorup to the database
echo '[group][subgroup]' >> `kdb file /tests/kconfig`

# Manually add a key that contains metas to that group
echo 'key.name[$a][$i]=New Value' >> `kdb file /tests/kconfig`

# Retrieve the new value
kdb get /tests/kconfig/group/subgroup/key.name
#> New Value

# Retrieve the meta values
kdb meta-get /tests/kconfig/group/subgroup/key.name kconfig
#> ai

# Undo modifications to the database
sudo kdb umount /tests/kconfig
```

## Limitations

> - Comments from file are discarded on save (same as the default KConfig functionality)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Comments from the file are discarded on save (same as the default KConfig functionality)
```
